Roll Numbers: CE042, CE057

Names: JAYKUMAR PATEL, BHAVIN MAJITHIA
THIA

Project title: ONLINE AGRI MARKET

Description: The Vision of this project is to ensure fair price to the farming community by devising 
	new techniques and by making use of online market. An application, that serves as a platform for
	movement of agricultural products from the farms directly to the manufacturers or retailers. This 
	mobile application provides privilege for both farmers and manufacturers or retailers to buy 
	and sell the required farm products without the involvement of a middleman at its right profitable 
	price. The agriculture experts shall analyze the product that comes into this platform, approve it
	and provide ratings based on quality. This makes all the available farm products easily accessible. 
	Hence it provides freedom of pricing and freedom of access. Through this we can ensure farmers to 
	make selling decisions most advantageously.

Github repo of the project:https://github.com/jaypatel-13/OnlineAgriMarket

User stories:

	Actors: Buyers, Sellers
	
	P0 - 24/01/2019	As a user, I should be able to login to the system via simple registration and
			login process.(via mobile no. And OTP)
			
	P1 - 31/01/2019	As a seller, I should be able to post details of my product with sample photograph
			and description that I want sell.
		
	P2 - 06/02/2019	As a seller, I should able to get details about farmers that are willing to sell
			their products that I have just posted.
		
	P3 - 21/02/2019	As a buyer, I should able to add to favourite some posts which has posted by farmer for
			future use.
		
	P4 - 21/02/2019 As a buyer, I should able to share posts which have posted by others as well
			as by me on other social media platforms like whatsapp etc.
		
	P5 - 28/02/2019	As a seller, I should able to get details about buyers that are currently
			seeking products that I want to sell.
		
	P6 - 6/03/2019 	As a seller, I should able to get current details about market rate of any
			agricultural product.
		
		
	P7- 6/03/2019	As a seller, I should able to save some posts which has posted by buyers for
			future use.



03 Jan 2019 reporting:
add priorities and dates to all user stories and update it on this repo
srs should be ready by next reporting, and update it under srs_docs in Thu directory under this repo
try implement one or two user stories by next reporting
have designed basic first pages for buy and sell
explore searching and sorting for buyer
good progress!!

17 Jan 2019 update:
pending from last time - assign proper priorities to user stories and dates to all user stories and update it on this repo
SRS to be updated on github (should be in IEEE format) - send pull request
still workin gon sign up page
next step is to complete signup functionality for user with database entry

24 Jan 2019
VERY IMPORTANT - p0- Pending from last time - pending from last time - assign proper priorities to user stories and dates to all user stories and update it on this repo
Need to push code to github. Work in smaller chunks, and do not accumulate huge changes locally. Commit and push to github very frequently.

31 Jan 2019
Lagging a little due to git issue. Will show this week and next week stories in next week.
