Project Group Members:
    Virani Yash                   Roll no. : ce142
    Sata Rahul                    Roll no. : ce109
    Adi Meghnathi                 Roll no. : ce065

Name : AtoZHomeServices

Description:
	AtoZHomeServices is an mobile marketplace that matches freelance labour with local demand, allowing consumers to find immediate help with everyday tasks, including cleaning, moving and other work.

User stories:
Admin:
Admin can manage tasker, recruit tasker after taking some solid proofs, remove tasker based on his/her bad reviews.
Admin can add new locations where he want to start services.
Admin can also add new type of service he want to start.
Admin can declare rewards on some occasions.

User:
User can be of two types (1) Tasker (2) Customer
User can apply to become a tasker and after proper verification he/she can become a tasker or can be rejected
Tasker can select area of his/her choice within where he/she want to provide services.
Customer can find his/her location in location list.
Customer can select the service from service list
Customer can select tasker based on reviews in his/her area or city.
Customer can get the task which is requested done according to the time he/she requested.
Customer can see the approximate charges of the service based on some parameters in the app.
Customer can give feedback and reviews to the tasker.
Customer can also check availability of the services in his/her area.

02 Jan 2019 comments:
You have not prioritized your stories, please do that ASAP
You need to put date against each story in p0 and p1 priority, by that date implementation of that story should be complete
You need to be ready with the SRS by next lab
All these changes should be reflected in this document only. So you can clone this repo, create new branch, push it to remote repo and start new pull request.
By next week you should have one or two stories implemented.
SRS document should be updated under srs_doc directory which is under parent of your project file in this repo

16 Jan 2019 comments:
Did not complete any story by this date
SRS completed.
Sent Pull request with priorities and dates updated. Also included SRS in pull request
By next week 2 stories should be completed

23 Jan 2019
VERY IMPORTANT: update this file with link of git repo  for this project
Need to push code to github. Work in smaller chunks, and do not accumulate huge changes locally. Commit very frequently.
sign up and login for tasker and customer has been completed
send pull request from branch (HSBranch1) which has daadlines for each story and github repo
Are on time. Should be able to complete next week stories on time. And may be more.....
Nice progress!
