-Roll Nos: CE104(Karan), CE080(Bhumik)

-Github Repository: https://github.com/KaranGRohit/Online-SMS/

-Technology: We will be using python3 langauge with Django Framework.

-Title: School Management System

-Descripion: School Management System is too complex because it includes Admiministrative Work plus 	    Educational Plan.
			we will bring this two major things togetherin our project where everything is so transparent and can be
			planned so well.it is easy to use this system by students,teachers,parents,principal,etc..
			The main purpose of this system is to provide every basic need online so work can be easily and securly done.
			
-Stories with Priorities:

(P0: highest priority task)

	Users of System:

	Note: Planning to implement till p3.

	1)Student Activity:

	P0.student can see his/her school result online. 
	P1.student can see his/her class Attendance.
	P2.student can see  his/her allocated assignment or project or timetable by teacher.
	P3.studebt can see timetable.
	P4.student can generate  his/her fee-reciept.
	P5.a new student can apply for admission to the school.
	
	2)Teacher Activity:
	
	P0.teacher can see any student's information of his class.  
	P1.teacher can upload student's marks and generate result.
	P2.teacher can upload student's attendance.
	P3.teacher can upload student assignment/project online.
	P4.teacher can organize a PTM(parent teacher meeting) via notice. 
	
	
	3)Principal Activity(Admin):
	
	P0.principal can enroll new students and hire new teacher.
	P1.principal can see any student's or teacher's information.
	P2.principal can assign classes and subjects to teachers.
	P3.principal can decide rules for school and push it to the notice board.
	P4.principal can generate timetable for class and push it to the notice board.


	4)Parents Activity:

	P0.Parents can view student result as well as attendance.
	P1.Parents can view notices published by principle/teachers.
 
	
	5)Accountant Activity:

	P0.Accountant can accept student fees.
	P1. Accountant can generate salary cheques for teachers/principle.
	
	-*Notice Board*-
	#. any information or news a teacher or principle can push/publish to the notice board for students/Parents. 
	
	
-Other Info: So in This project we might take help of Existing Project for System Analysis/Domain Analysis
			 plus Design Part and we try to do this by following Agile SCRUM methodology if possible.

02 Jan 2019 comments:
You need to put date against each story in p0 and p1 priority, by that date implementation of that story should be complete
You need to be ready with the SRS by next lab
All these changes should be reflected in this document only. So you can clone this repo, create new branch, push it to remote repo and start new pull request.
By next reporting (16 Jan) you should have one or two stories implemented.
SRS document should be updated under srs_doc directory which is under parent of your project file in this repo

16 Jan 2019 comments:
Did not complete any story by this date
SRS completed.
Send Pull request with priorities and dates for each user story updated for p1-p4 and also include SRS in pull request
By next week 2-3 stories should be completed

23 Jan 2019
VERY IMPORTANT: Change path of the github repo on this document and send me pull request
Need to push code to github. Work in smaller chunks, and do not accumulate huge changes locally. Commit very frequently.
completed login, register and teach can add student info
Are on time. Should be able to complete next week stories on time. And may be more.....
Nice progress!

30 Jan 2019
No team member was present for reporting
