RollNo:- CE085 , CE083 , CE092

GitHub Repository:- https://github.com/ChinkalPatel/Projects 

 Technology:- python , html , css , bootstrap , javascript , mysql

Title:-Hostel Management System 

Description:- It is provide facility to manage hostel  operation like admission,payment bill online e.t.c.

User Stories:
Types of Modules and Its Stories:
Student Module:-
	Student can get Admission online.
	Student agrees to terms and condition of hostel.
	Student pay fees online.
	Student also select block type, room type and course type for book a room.
	Student can check menu of the mess weakly.
	Student can get electricity bill through mail every month.
	Students pay their electricity bill online.
	Student can see the Canteen menu and order it.
	Students pay canteen dues every month.
	Student book slot for watching TV in groups (Priority).
	Students complain about room and some other reasons online.
	Student can generate gatepass.
Admin Module:-
	Admin can manage student info and staff info and also server details.
	Admin can manage staff salary.
	Admin see complain of student.
	Admin see and manage account of hostel.
Employee/staff module:l
	Employee Verify Document and Agrees Admission of student.
	Employee Allocate room to student by their selection of room type.
	Employee manages fee payment of room, electricity, mess, canteen of the student.
	Employee generates electricity bill of appropriate students and mail them.
	Employee manages and uploads weekly mess detail
	Employee manages and generate monthly canteen bill of appropriate students.

02 Jan 2019 comments:
You have not prioritized your stories, please do that ASAP
You need to put date against each story in p0 and p1 priority, by that date implementation of that story should be complete
You need to be ready with the SRS by next lab
All these changes should be reflected in this document only. So you can clone this repo, create new branch, push it to remote repo and start new pull request.
By next reporting you should have database design in terms of ER diagram and tables on database server.
SRS document should be updated under srs_doc directory which is under parent of your project file in this repo

16 Jan 2019 comments:
ER diagram to be completed.
SRS completed.
Will need to speed up things!
Send Pull request with dates updated for each user story. Also include SRS in pull request.
By next week 2-3 stories should be completed

23 Jan 2019
VERY IMPORTANT: Send Pull request with dates updated for each user story. Also include SRS in pull request.
Need to push code to github. Work in smaller chunks, and do not accumulate huge changes locally. Commit and push to github very frequently.
completed database creation.
facing issue with css on django, solving it.
Are on time. Should be able to complete next week stories on time. And may be more.....
Nice progress!

30 Jan 2019
VERY IMPORTANT: Send Pull request with dates updated for each user story. Also include SRS in pull request.
Planning to finish student module by this week

20 Feb 2019
Will show on Saturday (23 Feb 2019) or before
